Real Madrid victory in the second
semifinal playoff game
triumph by 73 to 64 to equal to 1 the
series with the box a victory
that was worked and was achieved with a
sensational second part of the set
white with a third and a fourth quarter
of very good defense a lot of push and
a lot of intensity that they put
all the players of Pablo Laso and in
special not Velikovic Carlos Suarez and
sergio Llull the Serbian raised the
I find 16 points all of them in
the second half Carlos Suarez supported him
with another complete game with 10
points and 5 rebounds and sergio llull contributed
the same points as the Serbian 16 and a
25 valuation
the match started with nikola mirotic
short dress and on the bench and with
a 21 of Carlos Suarez to open the
white marker but defense
visitor prevailed over the attack
local in the first 10 minutes the real
madrid was thick and the baskonia
rooted mostly to nemanja bjelica and
reasons are up to 8 points came to
be the vitoriana advantage to close the
first quarter 13 20
jaycee carroll started to pull the
Realmadrid seven points of yours joined to
good work of felipe kings and tomic ante
in the painting dominating the rebound both
the defensive as the offensive did
that the team of Pablo Laso gave him the
return to the scoreboard and turn pink
above
with a tie at 31 and after the break the
rhythm of the party was accelerated by
complete and there in that habitat nobody
better than real madrid after
triple room without failure of oleson
labor bank dominated 3640 moment in the
that the white set endorsed her
rival a partial 10-0 with triples of
suárez mates de mesa velich and above all
a nole velickovic that was all claw
push and heart on the track
+ 6 for Real Madrid and maximum advantage
of 7 after a basket by sergio llull
who sent the game to the last quarter
54 47
in those last ten minutes the whole
White made it clear that he was not going to
happen something other than his
victory seven points more than nole
Velickovic and four ante tomic
they took the white lead plus 10 and the
palace burst with this mate from sergio
llull 67 55 plus 12 for Real Madrid
Baskonia kept trying until the
final confused intensity with hardness and
with some other fault that should have been
unsportsmanlike but Real Madrid did not
He let it go and he remained serene and firm
to end up winning 73 to 64
playoff equaled one and both
next matches in Fernando Buesa
sand of vitoria